"update"
********


Description
===========

This API enables the customer to Update an Incident


Usage
=====

   oci support incident update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--activity-type [text]

This is the action to be taken on the ticket.  Acceptable values are
(CASE SENSITIVE) NOTES, EMAIL_OUTBOUND, EMAIL_INBOUND, CLOSE, UPDATE,
PROBLEM_DESCRIPTION

--comments [text]

String text field with the comment you wish to add to the ticket.
Must put the string in quotes.

--csi [text]

Customer Support Identifier of the support account

--incident-key [text]

Unique ID that identifies an incident

--ocid [text]

User OCID for IDCS users that have a shadow in OCI

--type [text]

At this time the only valid type is activity.  Eventually this will be
expanded to include things like attachment.


Optional Parameters
===================

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

if-match check


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--
debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-
json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--no-retry", "
--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id", "--output", "--profile",
"--query", "--raw-output", "--region", "--request-id", "--version",
"-?", "-d", "-h", "-v"
